but
hello and welcome in this video I'm going to
7 share good food for
gastritis which if you add them to your
diet
both the acid reflux and the
gastritis will disappear completely
number 1 brown rice for the
rice preparation
you just need to place in a container
one and a half cup of water to boil
for 15 minutes and add 8 ounces
of rice and let it cook from 30 to 35
minutes
season only with sea salt
then you take 3 to 4 tablespoons of rice
and you prepare a porridge the intake of
rice will reduce reflux and acidity
number 2 steamed vegetables between them
I recommend the carrot and pumpkin
season form a porridge and add salt
marina the intake of this porridge
will help the burning and pain to decrease
number 3 whole oats place in a
glass with water two tablespoons of oatmeal
let it rest overnight and
next morning you drink the water fasting
and to the leaflets add half a banana and
this will be your breakfast
number 4 the apple the consumption of this
fruit either raw or in compost allows
that your stomach rests and so
consequently you will sleep peacefully
number 5 the papaya acts as
antibiotic and at the same time it's like a
natural soothing since the consumption of
this fruit will help to heal from
inside out number 6 fish
you can eat once a week
Steamed or baked fish
accompanied with lettuce salad and
cucumber
number 7 vegetable soup among them
carrot pumpkin tender broccoli cabbage and
green beans astrocytes these vegetables
and put them on the fire and season them with salt
marina you can also add rice
will result in a very soup
substantial and will also allow you to
stomach rest
to know more foods to cure your
gastritis I invite you to visit today
same treatment for gastritis
natural dotcom and discover what is
the only most complete system that exists
through the internet he knows the cure of
definitive gastritis and the best of
all in a natural way all this from the
hand of a recognized expert thanks
about to see